README.md, before:

# Fun Python Projects

This repo contains some Python project to show the diversity of the language

## Setup 
If you are new to Python, there are a couple of ways you can run these projects.

### Using an Integrated Development Environment (IDE)
### Run manually (harder)

# Project Directory

# wee_snippets
Little bits of code to help me remember a few key difficult bits <br>
- [Dictionary comprehensions](_wee_snippets/dictionary_comprehensions.py)

# Turtle Graphics

Turtle is a Python package that allows you to display <br>
graphics and interact with the user because it can listen for <br>
keyboard presses.

## Demos
### [ten-shapes](turtle_graphics/01_ten_shapes/main.py)
As the shapes are drawn each with an increasing number of sides, watch
how the lins change colours randomly, the lines thicken and the drawing
speeds up

### [Analogue Digital Clock](turtle_graphics/02_digital_analogue_clock/main.py)
A clock runs for a minute-showing the seconds ticking past
and on the minute the hour and minute hands are redrawn.

### [Etch A Sketch](turtle_graphics/03_etch_a_sketch/main.py )
Classic Etch A Sketch toy <br>
Uses a listener to wait for usr input to move the cursor around,
and to increase or decrease the length of the line each keypress
causes

`to_do: put in a key press to shake the toy and fill the screen with white!`

`to_do: Choose from a number of preset shapes drawn by the computer in a light colour, and time
how long it takes the user to draw the same shape.`

`to_do: Score the user's shape drawing on accuracy as well as time (this will take some doing!)`

# Folium Mapping
Using Folium to map coordinates to create a 'find me' game.
[Run me](./where_on_earth/main.py)

`to-do: Change the command line interface to something more user friendly!`

# Flask
Flask is a lightweight library to allow you to create websites in Python.</br>
I set up a [master project](./flask_master_project) to house several web pages and the code behind them</br>
I'll be adding significantly as this will allow me to accept user interaction in a friendly
manner, so I can house many other projects here.</br>
Run the [main.py](./flask_master_project/main.py) file to get a link to a web page on your local machine.</br>
`to_do:Split the code into modules so it's tidier`

Commit message:

added where-on-earth to flask

README.md, after:

# Fun Python Projects

This repo contains some Python project to show the diversity of the language

## Setup 
If you are new to Python, there are a couple of ways you can run these projects.

### Using an Integrated Development Environment (IDE)
### Run manually (harder)

# Project Directory

# wee_snippets
Little bits of code to help me remember a few key difficult bits <br>
- [Dictionary comprehensions](_wee_snippets/dictionary_comprehensions.py)

# Turtle Graphics

Turtle is a Python package that allows you to display <br>
graphics and interact with the user because it can listen for <br>
keyboard presses.

## Demos
### [ten-shapes](turtle_graphics/01_ten_shapes/main.py)
As the shapes are drawn each with an increasing number of sides, watch
how the lins change colours randomly, the lines thicken and the drawing
speeds up

### [Analogue Digital Clock](turtle_graphics/02_digital_analogue_clock/main.py)
A clock runs for a minute-showing the seconds ticking past
and on the minute the hour and minute hands are redrawn.

### [Etch A Sketch](turtle_graphics/03_etch_a_sketch/main.py )
Classic Etch A Sketch toy <br>
Uses a listener to wait for usr input to move the cursor around,
and to increase or decrease the length of the line each keypress
causes

`to_do: put in a key press to shake the toy and fill the screen with white!`

`to_do: Choose from a number of preset shapes drawn by the computer in a light colour, and time
how long it takes the user to draw the same shape.`

`to_do: Score the user's shape drawing on accuracy as well as time (this will take some doing!)`

# Folium Mapping
Using Folium to map coordinates to create a 'find me' game.
[Run me](./where_on_earth/main.py)

`to-do: Change the command line interface to something more user friendly!`

# Flask
Flask is a lightweight library to allow you to create websites in Python.</br>
I set up a [master project](./flask_master_project) to house several web pages and the code behind them</br>
I'll be adding significantly as this will allow me to accept user interaction in a friendly
manner, so I can house many other projects here.</br>
Run the [main.py](./flask_master_project/main.py) file to get a link to a web page on your local machine.</br>
`to_do:Split the code into modules so it's tidier`</br> 

NOTE: I will be hosting my flask code on Heroku. While it's 
the same code as here, I don't push it to heroku from thus repo,
to help manage API keys etc.
